Python: Getting Started aiohttp (#7829)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/aiohttp/index.mdx

## Configure

> If you have the `aiohttp` package in your dependencies, the AIOHTTO integration will be enabled automatically. There is nothing to do for you except initializing the Sentry SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the `aiohttp` package in your dependencies, the AIOHTTO integration will be enabled automatically when you initialize the Sentry SDK.
```

<SignInNote />

```python
import sentry_sdk

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
)
```

## Verify

```python
from aiohttp import web

sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above

async def hello(request):
    1/0  # raises an error
    return web.Response(text="Hello, world")

app = web.Application()
app.add_routes([web.get('/', hello)])

web.run_app(app)
```

> When you point your browser to [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) a transaction in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) will be created. Additionally an error event will be sent to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) and will be connected to the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you point your browser to [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) a transaction will be created in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io). Additionally, an error event will be sent to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) and will be connected to the transaction.
```

## Options

> By adding `AioHttpIntegration` explicitly to your `sentry_sdk.init()` call you can set options for `AioHttpIntegration` to change its behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding `AioHttpIntegration` to your `sentry_sdk.init()` call explicitly, you can set options for `AioHttpIntegration` to change its behavior:
```
